
What is the difference between an EXE and a DLL?
What is boxing?
Is string a value type or a reference type?
What is the Global Assembly Cache (GAC)? What problem does it solve?
What is an Interface and how is it different from a Class?
What is Reflection
How is a strongly-named assembly different from one that isn’t strongly-named?
What is the difference between
Finalize()and
Dispose()
What is the difference between:
catch (Exception e) {throw e;}and catch
(Exception e) {throw;}
What is a PostBack?
What is ViewState? How is it encoded? Is it encrypted? Who uses ViewState? Why is it either useful or evil?
What Session State providers are available in ASP.NET? What are the pros and cons of each?
What are HttpHandlers?
How do cookies work? What is an example of Cookie abuse?
Whats the difference between an abstract class and interface? When would you want to use them?
What's the difference between viewstate and sessionstate?
What's the difference between overriding and overloading a method? Explain how both are done.
What's the difference between protected and internal? What about "protected internal"?
How do short-circuited operators work?
Explain what the StringBuilder class is and why you'd want to use it?
What's the difference between a static method and a non-static method?
What does the "volatile" keyword in C# mean?
Explain what happens when you pass a "ref" or "out" parameter into a method. What's the difference between those two keywords?
What's a weakreference? When would you want to use one?
What's the difference between a DataTable and a DataReader?
What's the difference between a value-type and a reference type?
What does the "readonly" keyword in C# mean?
diff b/w constant & readonly
2Types of Authentication and Authorisation in ASP.Net.
ASP.Net Life cycle. 
Page Life Cycle.
What are types: Value Type and Reference Type?
Boxing and Unboxing: Terminology, Advantages and Disadvantages.
What is Type Safety? 
What is Strong Name?
What are Extensions, modules and handlers?
What is worker process?
CLR and DLR?
In case more than one version of an installable is installed, which version is invoked by default?
What are Globalisation and localisation? How to implement them?
What is assembly, GAC? Where they are physically located?
How to configure HTTPS for a web application?
What are in-proc and out-proc? Where are data stored in these cases?
When the View state is saved, and when is it loaded? How to enable/ disable View states?
Difference between GET and POST. Which one is more secure?
What are Razor engines? How is it diff from ASP Engines?
Pros and cons of JavaScript and AJAX.
In how many different ways can JavaScript be used/called in an application?
What needs to be done to call a JavaScript function from code behind?
Difference between Server Controls and User controls?
Difference between Var, object and Dynamic types.
Difference between Functions and methods.
Difference between Abstract classes and Interface. Explain with scenario where to implement one?
Different forms of Polymorphism. Differences between Abstraction and Polymorphism.
What are Delegates and Events.
Covariance and Contravariance.
What are Extension methods.
What are Anonymous methods and Lambda Expression.
Multithreading. How to implement Multithreading?


SQL Server
rank() in sql
rownumber()
@@identity
@@scope_identity
@@ident_current
normalization
error handling (try-catch, @@error)
sql transactions (begin, commit, rollback) , @@trancount
CTE
Temporary table
Table variable
Primary key, Foreign key, Unique key
on cascade update, on cascade delete in foriegn key table
roll up, cubing
merge
clustered & non clustered
What's the difference between a left join and an inner join?
What is the difference between a View and a Cursor?
How to execute multiple update on different conditions in a single query?
Left outer joins and Right Outer joins
Exception handling.
What is Performance Tuning? How do you implement it.
Difference between Having and where clauses.
Difference between Temp tables and Tables variables?
What does @ and @@ suffixed by property names specify?
Self-join queries.
Types of Index.
Difference between Primary key , Unique key and Candidate key?
What is the default value for Date type. What are Min and Max values for Date in 2008.

